enter code hub 749 for a domain name
discount and enter the codes below for
other great discounts from go daddy.com
well I mean this is we know Pacquiao
wants to fight
we know Mayweather wants to fight that's
that's that's the given you know and Bob
Arum is coming out with this nonsense
that Richard Schafer is not even
involved with Mayweather you know it's
it's ridiculous now what Bob is talking
you know everybody wants to fight except
Bob Arum he doesn't want to fight what's
the problem let's make it happen it
couldn't be there because after Keller's
showing against Marquez he knows whether
it's gonna kick well that's that can
definitely be the the reason but there's
no there's no shame in losing to a
mayweather
you know Paquette will still be Pacquiao
but who knows
Pacquiao might surprise everybody you
know it's it's you know it's the biggest
fight that the general public and the
boxing public wants to see and that's
huge for boxing let's make it happen you
know boxing public the boxing world
wants to see it but I'm working with
Gary Shaw and working with Don King that
you know by the way to for me Don King
is the best has been the best promoter
in the world by far compared to anybody
because he he knows how to work with
other promoters he wants to make these
fights happen you know why can't Bob
Arum make these fights up and I work
with other other promoters we're willing
to work with other promoters why can't
Bob do the same
well there are there's there's there's
and that's what may weather and an L
Haman and richer will discuss that's
that's that's a decision that they'll
have to make but there's a lot of
options me and Erika my matchmaker have
come up with different scenarios but
that's up to them you know I mean
Mayweather is his own boss and that's
the beauty about being his own boss is
that Mayweather can call the shots in
her coat hub 749 for a domain name
discount and enter the codes below for
other great discounts from go daddy.com
you